This is minicsp, a clause learning CSP solver. It is based on the
ideas in:

Generalized Nogoods in CSPs. George Katsirelos and Fahiem Bacchus, The
twentieth national conference on artificial intelligence, AAAI 2005

and

Nogood Processing in CSPs, George Katsirelos, PhD Thesis, University
of Toronto, 2008.

Directory Layout
----------------

Minicsp is implemented on top of MiniSat and uses much of the same
directory structure:

mtl:   data structures written for minisat

core: the solver, including all propagators. the executable produced
      by this is not useful, as it can only read cnf files.

fz: flatzinc frontend

xcsp: XCSP frontend

test: some unit tests for basic functionality

examples: a few examples of how to use minicsp as a library

Using minicsp
-------------

You have two options: either use it as a library or via the flatzinc
or XCSP frontend.

Note that you need boost to compile minicsp if you get it from
bitbucket or download the plain tarball. If you downloaded the
-complete tarball, the subset of boost that is necessary to compile
minicsp is already included.

To use as a library
-------------------

Use the files in the examples/ subdirectory as guides. A full list of
constraints is in core/cons.hpp and core/setcons.hpp. You need to add
core/ to your compiler's include path and link in the .o files in that
directory.

To use the frontends
--------------------

Simply invoke 'make' in the corresponding subdirectory (fz/ and xcsp/,
respectively). Note that the flatzinc frontend requires (a relatively
recent) bison and flex, while the XCSP frontend requires libxml.

This will generate an executable minicsp-fz (resp. minicsp-xcsp) which
you invoke as follows:

./minicsp-fz instance.fzn

and

./minicsp-xcsp instance.xml

Supported platforms
-------------------

minicsp was developed on linux (various versions of Fedora and
Ubuntu). Using it on other platforms should not be hard, assuming you
have a conforming C++ compiler. The only unixy feature used in the
source is the use of signals to capture SIGINT, SIGHUP, SIGXCPU and
SIGUSR1 to print solver statistics. You can safely remove that code.

WARNING: gcc 4.5.x has a bug which causes it to miscompile minicsp
(and minisat and other solvers based on it) at -O2 and above. Versions
4.4.x and 4.6.x work fine. If you have to use gcc 4.5.x, using the
option -fno-tree-pre might help you.
